my name is Barnabas
two centuries ago I made Collinwood my
home my love until a jealous witch
cursed me condemning me to the shadows
for all time what the hell is this he's
coming
hear me future dweller what is the year
90s I met you
1972 my beloved Collinwood Collins
family the hell is this
yeah you just sing with us forever like
a super welcome home Barnabas Collins
soon can the horses be ready
we don't have horses we have a Chevy
Tahoe what sorcery is this reveal
yourself
tiny songstress hello Barnabas remember
me which you cursed me to be this
hideous creature may strategically place
your wonderful lips upon my posterior
and kiss it repeatedly but if I made you
love me with what a spell with this I
must admit
they have not aged a day
she for real
indeed I can't even stop strong you and
your family missed me
I shall restore the family business to
its former glory
baby fight on Barnabas fight on for us
and fight I shall
of me
it was regrettable nocturnal event are
you stoned or something they tried
stoning me my dear it did not work